[ADD] social_marketing: improved and added documentation (#578)
odoo/documentation-user: social_marketing/overview/push_notifications.rst

Ask users for permission
========================
In the *Website* application go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Settings` and enable *Web
Push Notifications*.

.. image:: media/enable_push.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Go to settings and enable web push notifications for Odoo Social Marketing

Choose your message, icon, and delay time (which is the wait time for the permission request to be
shown once the user lands on your page).

.. image:: media/push_permission.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Request to send messages is being shown on the page for Odoo Social Marketing

Send notifications
==================

Individually
------------

You can send individual messages through the menu *Visitors*.

.. image:: media/individually_push.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Choose individually to whom send web push notifications in Odoo Social Marketing

To a group
----------

Target a bigger segment by selecting multiple visitors in the *View List* (e.g.: all visitors that
visited your Homepage).

.. image:: media/push_to_a_group.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select multiple contacts to send web push notifications in Odoo Social Marketing

.. note::

>    Visitors records are kept under *Visitors* for a week, before get ting archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Visitors records are kept under *Visitors* for a week, before getting archived.
```
